hello to all the firemen from all over
Brazil, we are here to start
internet coverage kicks that is the
largest fire fair in the world occurs
every five years in Germany the group
was the event is 15 degrees in nouakchott
to optimize I reminded you that the person of faith
Christian
this year if possible you will have the
opportunity to see in all of these
videos that will be posted here in
social networking sites on the internet
fire world news
I am here as head of the delegation of the
fire will travel to germany on
next week on June 3 we will be
still the north to the city that the
switches to participate in the 2001 Intertours
profiles is one of the most important events
of the world 's firefighter is a fair that
always occurs in Germany but it is
55 years I have had the opportunity
it is there previously and is an event
sensational lots of technology a lot
that the fire department - real and
is now sending 18 military personnel to
participate in this fair
this is an event is a pretty milestone
interesting because these officers who
will be present at the fair will have the
opportunity to see what is
more modern in the activities of firefighter
around the world mainly in Europe but
is actually aggregated represented in
all major firefighters
materials and equipment good inside
We'll see for new equipment.
that have not yet arrived in the
Brazilian market
that very goal of bringing opportunity
disseminate through our staff is the
existence of technical equipment
new protective equipment
individual is combat tanks and
vehicles for rescue and care
pre-hospital take
the thirst clothes and family activities
related to the whole practice of
firefighter in the world said tone or not
very interesting but interesting
thanking the command of the body of
firemen
Let's represent the fair well and let's stop.
soon the whole experience here is
a face-to-face opportunity
So we ask all of you to
share these videos short so that
other firefighters and
to be able to see what's new and
improve your performance said